{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue109;\red109\green111\blue5;\red109\green109\blue109;
\red82\green0\blue103;\red15\green112\blue3;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c43529\c1961;\csgenericrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;
\csgenericrgb\c32157\c0\c40392;\csgenericrgb\c5882\c43922\c1176;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 package 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.example.rbaga.rideshare;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.content.Intent;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.os.Bundle;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.view.View;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.widget.EditText;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.text.TextUtils;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.support.annotation.\cf3 NonNull\cf0 ;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.util.Log;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 android.widget.Toast;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.google.android.gms.tasks.OnCompleteListener;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task;\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.google.firebase.auth.AuthResult;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.google.firebase.auth.FirebaseAuth;\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.google.firebase.auth.FirebaseUser;\
\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import 
\f1\b0 \cf0 com.example.rbaga.rideshare.R;\
\

\f2\i \cf4 /**\
 * Created by Chris.\
 */\
\
\
\

\f0\i0\b \cf2 public class 
\f1\b0 \cf0 LogIn 
\f0\b \cf2 extends 
\f1\b0 \cf0 AppCompatActivity 
\f0\b \cf2 implements 
\f1\b0 \cf0 View.OnClickListener \{\
\
    
\f2\i \cf4 //declare Firebase mAuth\
    
\f0\i0\b \cf2 private 
\f1\b0 \cf0 FirebaseAuth 
\f0\b \cf5 mAuth
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
    
\f0\b \cf2 private 
\f1\b0 \cf0 EditText 
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
    
\f0\b \cf2 private 
\f1\b0 \cf0 EditText 
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
    
\f0\b \cf2 private 
\f1\b0 \cf0 String 
\f0\b \cf5 email
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
    
\f0\b \cf2 private 
\f1\b0 \cf0 String 
\f0\b \cf5 password
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
    \cf3 @Override\
    
\f0\b \cf2 protected void 
\f1\b0 \cf0 onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\
        
\f0\b \cf2 super
\f1\b0 \cf0 .onCreate(savedInstanceState);\
        setContentView(R.layout.log_in);\
\
        
\f0\b \cf5 mAuth 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = FirebaseAuth.
\f2\i getInstance
\f1\i0 ();\
\
        findViewById(R.id.signUpButton).setOnClickListener(
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
        findViewById(R.id.logInButton).setOnClickListener(
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
\
        
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = findViewById(R.id.emailLoginText);\
        
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = findViewById(R.id.passwordLoginText);\
\
    \}\
\
    \cf3 @Override\
    
\f0\b \cf2 public void 
\f1\b0 \cf0 onClick(View view) \{\
\
        
\f0\b \cf2 switch
\f1\b0 \cf0 (view.getId()) \{\
            
\f0\b \cf2 case 
\f1\b0 \cf0 R.id.signUpButton:\
                startActivity(
\f0\b \cf2 new 
\f1\b0 \cf0 Intent(
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 , SignUp.
\f0\b \cf2 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 ));\
                
\f0\b \cf2 break
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
            
\f0\b \cf2 case 
\f1\b0 \cf0 R.id.logInButton:\
                
\f0\b \cf5 email 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = 
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getText().toString();\
                
\f0\b \cf5 password 
\f1\b0 \cf0 = 
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getText().toString();\
\
                logIn(
\f0\b \cf5 email
\f1\b0 \cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf5 password
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
                
\f0\b \cf2 break
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
        \}\
\
    \}\
\
    
\f0\b \cf2 private void 
\f1\b0 \cf0 logIn(String email, String password) \{\
\
        
\f2\i \cf4 //validate the login details\
        
\f0\i0\b \cf2 if 
\f1\b0 \cf0 (!validateLogIn()) \{\
            
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
        \}\
        
\f2\i \cf4 //...\
        //start sign in\
        
\f0\i0\b \cf5 mAuth
\f1\b0 \cf0 .signInWithEmailAndPassword(email, password)\
                .addOnCompleteListener(
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf2 new 
\f1\b0 \cf0 OnCompleteListener<AuthResult>() \{\
                    \cf3 @Override\
                    
\f0\b \cf2 public void 
\f1\b0 \cf0 onComplete(\cf3 @NonNull \cf0 Task<AuthResult> task) \{\
                        
\f0\b \cf2 if 
\f1\b0 \cf0 (task.isSuccessful()) \{\
                            
\f2\i \cf4 //log in success\
                            
\f1\i0 \cf0 Toast.
\f2\i makeText
\f1\i0 (LogIn.
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf6 "Log In successful."
\f1\b0 \cf0 ,\
                                    Toast.
\f3\i\b \cf5 LENGTH_SHORT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ).show();\
\
                            FirebaseUser user = 
\f0\b \cf5 mAuth
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getCurrentUser();\
                            
\f2\i \cf4 //start activity MainMenu\
\
                        
\f1\i0 \cf0 \} 
\f0\b \cf2 else 
\f1\b0 \cf0 \{\
                            
\f2\i \cf4 // If sign in fails, display a message to the user\
                            
\f1\i0 \cf0 Toast.
\f2\i makeText
\f1\i0 (LogIn.
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf6 "Log In failed - please check your credentials and internet connection."
\f1\b0 \cf0 ,\
                                    Toast.
\f3\i\b \cf5 LENGTH_LONG
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ).show();\
                        \}\
\
                    \}\
                \});\
    \}\
\
    
\f0\b \cf2 public boolean 
\f1\b0 \cf0 validateLogIn() \{\
        
\f0\b \cf2 boolean 
\f1\b0 \cf0 valid = 
\f0\b \cf2 true
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
\
        String email = 
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getText().toString();\
        
\f0\b \cf2 if 
\f1\b0 \cf0 (TextUtils.
\f2\i isEmpty
\f1\i0 (email)) \{\
            
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setError(
\f0\b \cf6 "Required."
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
            valid = 
\f0\b \cf2 false
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
        \} 
\f0\b \cf2 else 
\f1\b0 \cf0 \{\
            
\f0\b \cf5 textEmail
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setError(
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
        \}\
\
        String password = 
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getText().toString();\
        
\f0\b \cf2 if 
\f1\b0 \cf0 (TextUtils.
\f2\i isEmpty
\f1\i0 (password)) \{\
            
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setError(
\f0\b \cf6 "Required."
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
            valid = 
\f0\b \cf2 false
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
        \} 
\f0\b \cf2 else 
\f1\b0 \cf0 \{\
            
\f0\b \cf5 textPassword
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setError(
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
        \}\
\
        
\f0\b \cf2 return 
\f1\b0 \cf0 valid;\
    \}\
\
\}\
}